A Neural Substrate of Prediction and Reward

Goal and habits in the brain

THE FORMATION OF LEARNING SETS

Reinforcement Learning Signals Predict Future Decisions

fMRI and EEG Predictors ofDynamic Decision Parameters during Human Reinforcement Learning

Integrating memories to guide decisions

Episodic Memories Predict Adaptive Value-Based Decision-Making
Vishnu

Reinstated episodic context guides sampling-based decisions for reward

Deep Episodic Value Iteration
for Model-based Meta-Reinforcement Learning Steven

The Successor Representation: Its Computational Logic and Neural Substrates

NOW I REMEMBER! EPISODIC MEMORY FOR REINFORCEMENT LEARNING

Reinforcement Learning, Fast and Slow

Computational evidence for hierarchically-structured reinforcement learning in humans

Goal-oriented and habitual decisions: Neural signatures of model-based and model- free learning

Learning and exploiting multiple subgoals for fast exploration in hierarchical reinforcement learning. arXiv:190505180

5.
Momennejad I, Howard MW: Predicting the future with multi-
??
scale successor representations

Dyna, an integrated architecture for learning, planning, and reacting. SIGART

Predictive representations can link model-based reinforcement learning to model-free mechanisms. PLoS

A Laplacian
??
framework for option discovery in reinforcement learning

This paper reports that purely curiosity-driven learning without any
?
Large-scale study of curiosity-driven learning

Eigenoption discovery through the deep successor representation

LISTO Computational psychiatry as a bridge from neuroscience to clinical applications.

What big data can do for treatment in psychiatry.

Charting the landscape of priority problems in psychiatry, part 1: classification and diagnosis

Bonsai trees in your head: how the pavlovian system sculpts goal-directed choices by pruning decision trees.

Representation and timing in theories of the dopamine system

TD Models: Modeling the World at a Mixture of Time Scales

Prediction of immediate and future rewards differentially recruits cortico-basal ganglia loops

Temporal-difference reinforcement learning with distributed representations.

The hippocampus as a spatial map. Preliminary evidence from unit activity in the freely-moving rat

The role of medial prefrontal cortex in memory and decision making

Slow escape decisions are swayed by trait anxiety

Computational Psychiatry: The Brain as a Phantastic Organ

 Reverse Replay of Hippocampal Place Cells Is Uniquely Modulated by Changing Reward 

 Retrospective revaluation in sequential decision making: A tale of two systems.

 TOLMAN 1948

 Post-learning Hippocampal Dynamics Promote Preferential Retention of Rewarding Events.

 Category-specific cortical activity precedes retrieval during memory search

 Doeller et al., 2008 del dia 9

 Dorsal hippocampus plays a causal role in model-based planning. bioRxiv

Combined model-free and model-sensitive reinforcement learning in non-human primates 
 
 Uncertainty-based competition between prefrontal and dorsolat- eral striatal systems for behavioral control

 Motivation and cognitive control: From behavior to neural mechanism.

 Retrospective revaluation in sequential decision making: A tale of two system

 A model of how the basal ganglia generate and use neural signals that predict reinforcement

 Dissociating the role of the orbitofrontal cortex and the striatum in the computation of goal values and prediction errors. J.